Fix for issue #57268 - ENH: Preserve input start/end type in interval… (#57399)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

- :func:`DataFrame.to_excel` now raises an ``UserWarning`` when the character count in a cell exceeds Excel's limitation of 32767 characters (:issue:`56954`)
- :func:`read_stata` now returns ``datetime64`` resolutions better matching those natively stored in the stata format (:issue:`55642`)
- Allow dictionaries to be passed to :meth:`pandas.Series.str.replace` via ``pat`` parameter (:issue:`51748`)

> - :func:`interval_range` Preserves start/end data types

Reviewer: This should go under the `Interval` section

Author: Done!

Interval
^^^^^^^^

> - :func:`interval_range` Preserves start/end data types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :func:`interval_range` where start and end numeric types were always cast to 64 bit (:issue:`57268`)
```
